refactor(repo): Update All @webb-tools to @tangle-network (#2820)
tangle-network/dapp: .github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## 9. Contact info

> You can contact Tangle Network via Email: drew@commonwealth.im

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contact Tangle Network via Email: drew@tangle.tools
```
